ServerMonitoring: Assortment of technologies running on JBoss Wildfly
========================

What is it?
-----------

This is a graphical view of the data that is being collected by the <a href="">Watch Dog Clients</a>. This project is in no means complete. Check out the goals section for more complete list of features that we want to implement.

This project was meant to be a simple install, deployable Maven 3 project to monitor Jax Lab MGI servers.
Also this project is to help get the foot in the door developing with Java EE 7 on JBoss WildFly.

This project was generated by the following quick start guide. [Getting Started Developing Applications Guide](https://github.com/wildfly/quickstart/guide/ServerMonitoring/).

System requirements
-------------------

All you need to build this project is Java 7.0 (Java SDK 1.7) or better, Maven 3.1 or better.

The application this project produces is designed to be run on JBoss WildFly, which can be downloaded here: <a href="https://github.com/mgijax/wildfly-8.2.0-servermonitoring">Jboss Wildfly</a>

 
Configure Maven
---------------

If you have not yet done so, you must [Configure Maven](https://github.com/jboss-developer/jboss-developer-shared-resources/blob/master/guides/CONFIGURE_MAVEN.md) before testing the quickstarts.


Start JBoss WildFly with the Web Profile
-------------------------

1. Open a command line and navigate to the root of the JBoss server directory.
2. The following shows the command line to start the server with the web profile:

        For Linux:   JBOSS_HOME/bin/standalone.sh -P=dbconfig.properties
        For Windows: JBOSS_HOME\bin\standalone.bat -P=dbconfig.properties

 
Build and Deploy the Prodect
-------------------------

_NOTE: The following build command assumes you have configured your Maven user settings. If you have not, you must include Maven setting arguments on the command line. See [Build and Deploy the Quickstarts](https://github.com/jboss-developer/jboss-eap-quickstarts#build-and-deploy-the-quickstarts) for complete instructions and additional options._

1. Make sure you have started the JBoss Server as described above.
2. Open a command line and navigate to the root directory of this quickstart.
3. Type this command to build and deploy the archive:

        mvn clean package wildfly:deploy

4. This will deploy `target/ServerMonitoring.war` to the local running instance of the server.
5. Another profile can be added to the pom.xml to deploy to a remote server instance.

Access the application 
---------------------

The application will be running at the following URL: <http://localhost:8080/>.


Undeploy the Archive
--------------------

1. Make sure you have started the JBoss Server as described above.
2. Open a command line and navigate to the root directory of this quickstart.
3. When you are finished testing, type this command to undeploy the archive:

        mvn wildfly:undeploy


Run the Arquillian Tests 
-------------------------

This project provides Arquillian tests. By default, these tests are configured to be skipped as Arquillian tests require the use of a container. 

_NOTE: The following commands assume you have configured your Maven user settings. If you have not, you must include Maven setting arguments on the command line. See [Run the Arquillian Tests](https://github.com/jboss-developer/jboss-developer-shared-resources/blob/master/guides/RUN_ARQUILLIAN_TESTS.md) for complete instructions and additional options._

1. Make sure you have started the JBoss Server as described above.
2. Open a command line and navigate to the root directory of this quickstart.
3. Type the following command to run the test goal with the following profile activated:

        mvn clean test -Parq-wildfly-remote


Run the Project in JBoss Developer Studio or Eclipse
-------------------------------------
You can also start the server and deploy the product from Eclipse using JBoss tools. For more information, see [Use JBoss Developer Studio or Eclipse to Run the Quickstarts](https://github.com/jboss-developer/jboss-developer-shared-resources/blob/master/guides/USE_JBDS.md) 


Debug the Application
------------------------------------

If you want to debug the source code or look at the Javadocs of any library in the project, run either of the following commands to pull them into your local repository. The IDE should then detect them.

    mvn dependency:sources
    mvn dependency:resolve -Dclassifier=javadoc
